Allow opting out of a default Rustls crypto provider (#3517)
serenity-rs/serenity: README.md

[lavalink-rs][project:lavalink-rs] or [Songbird][project:songbird] are recommended voice plugins.
- **default_native_tls**: Default features but using `native_tls_backend`
instead of `rustls_backend`.
- **default_no_backend**: Defaults features, but does not enable any backend.

> - **default_rustls_no_provider**: Defaults features but using `rustls_backend_no_provider` instead of `rustls_backend`, requiring manual registration of a Rustls crypto provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **default_rustls_no_provider**: Default features but using `rustls_backend_no_provider` instead of `rustls_backend`, requiring manual registration of a Rustls crypto provider.
- **default_no_backend**: Default features, but does not enable any backend.
```

Switching the line order reads a little better here. Also fixed a typo.
